the specialists who came from
Bangkok, in other words, they wanted to be very clear
that what was being investigated
determined that the accusation had to
be for premeditated murder, I believe
that there is very little probability that he will not
have a sentence that is a
capital punishment, not something that was never moved
in the trial and that continues to be the highest
punishment that Daniel Sancho faces
and I consider that in view of the evidence and the
proof, unfortunately, on
Thursday it will be the sentence that he is going to
receive, which, as you have also said, is
a bit euphemistic because with a
Royal Pardon he will spend life in prison and in 8 or 9
years he will be in Spain serving a few
more years that are not yet known, what
Fran said from the first day and what
Joaquín also said and what
several experts also said, not several
people who have lived through situations or
who have commented on situations or covered
similar situations, well, it is
basically immovable, not the year that he has
already spent in prison is not taken into
account at all, but of course. In any
case, if we are talking about a
capital punishment, why is it going to be taken into account